# User Journey

Tim is an MIT student who is currently on the verge of finishing his
spring semester. Before he is allowed to go enjoy summer vacation, he has to study for 2 finals (which take place May 19-20), finish 2 projects, one of which is a group project due on May 16, the other being an individual project due on May 14, and he also has to attend two final club meetings on Sunday, May 18. Tim has tried to plan out when he will study for his finals and work on his projects, but trying to come up with a schedule for these tasks by himself has been very difficult, and he is quickly running out of time.

Hence, Tim installs Task-mate on his desktop. After creating his account, Tim is taken to the Home Page (Fig. A), where he creates his first schedule by clicking on the (+) icon at the top of the screen next to his profile icon. He then clicks on the EVENTS button and inputs all of his upcoming events, which are his club meetings and exams (Fig. B). He clicks on the SUBMIT button, initializing his schedule with time blocks for his club meetings and exams.

Then, he clicks on the TASKS button and inputs his tasks of completing the individual group project and studying for his finals (Fig. C). He assigns both tasks with their deadline, expected completion time (5 hours for both finals, 4 hours for his project), and a priority (70% for the project, 40% for the finals). After that, Tim clicks on the SUBMIT button, and his schedule is now updated with time blocks to study for his finals and work on his individual project, with the project task being assigned first.

Later that day, Tim gets a group message from his partners about their group project. They want to decide on a time to meet up. Tim reopens the EVENTS (Fig. B) and creates a new event for the group project and makes it shareable. He shares this new event with his teammates, who also all have Task-mate. On Task-mate, they are able to easily see how this event fares in their schedule, and can make requests to Tim to change the time (Fig. A). After getting some requests, Tim confirms the group project meetup time for everyone to be on May 15, 1-5 PM.

Later that evening at 8 PM, Tim receives a notification from the application, asking him to enter his percent completion of all of his tasks (Fig. D). He was able to get almost all of his individual project done, so he enters 95%. Conversely, he hasn't started studying for his finals at all, so he enters 0% for both of them. After clicking on SUBMIT, Tim's schedule automatically re-generates so that he now has a new time block for studying for his exams before finishing up his project by May 14.

The next day, Tim gets an event shared with them from a friend who wants to hang out before finals. Unfortunately, Tim is very busy, so he clicks on the red X to deny the invite. Every night, Tim updates his tasks with his completion progress. After finishing his projects and studying for his exams, Tim feels happy that he was able to find a good schedule he could follow to complete all of his tasks and events in a timely manner, and feels that his task and time management have improved as a result of using Task-mate.
